Hit what is up guys it will come out.
So I think this is looking so bad so I just started buying are just I upload my picture that I always
use.
Basically my family doesn't like that picture.
They say that they don't like it.
Some people see I look good.
Some people say I don't.
So I don't know why.
OK.
Let's just come here.
Let's just upload the image.
So I'm just going to go to the logo now the landing page.
So it's in here.
Yes.
This is it right here.
I'm just going to plug this one.
And let's just said the product image.
I use this edge because I am in the suit.
I usually wear a suit and I usually very on the marriages only I do not varied anywhere else so that
is why this is the marriage background of my cousin.
So this is the photo of that.
So let's just come here and let's just have it so I'm dating it.
I can see I'll be here.
Here we go.
Hey this is me.
So now you can see everything is here.
And now we're going to do the testing of the product basically.
So let's suppose that a guy wants to hire me on it on third off from 9:00 a.m. So he wants me to work
for 9 p.m. and the booking cost is $50.
OK.
We have a signed dad here already for the per block.
If I just come here and I'm just going to cost them and see we have facility the cost to be like $50.
So that's him here.
And if a guy is hiring me for 50 bucks like 9:00 AM OK anyones of work to be done.
So I'm just gonna go hey I'm going to book now.
So that guy has hired me for a 9:00 a.m..
OK you guys can see how it ends the man has been added to your cart and he's going to go ahead.
He's going to view the cart.
It's his booking date is this booking time is this and duration is one order.
OK.
OK cool.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to just go down.
I'm going to hit proceed to checkout so and the check out option I have to enter my billing details
everything here and here it says A also.
I've just checked the check payments so that I can just I don't have to check everything with Pal create
a sandbox account and test it.
So this is the check payments and the total costing is $50.
Fifty bucks.
OK.
Now the guy go ahead and he just save the place.
So I would recommend you not to accept the check payments only except baseball guys this is recommended
if you want to have the credit card and you can go with it to check out there but did not go beyond
that do not just accept bank transfer.
In these stuff do not accept the guy seriously because the people will order and then they will not
pay the amount and your time will be based.
Now you can see that I have this check weighman matter just to test every order.
OK.
So you can see that the order has been received.
These are the order detail details higher booking number 19 and the generally.
OK 2018.
And it's 9:00 a.m. So I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to view my bookings.
It is an Batesville IG and you can see the price is unbathed because I haven't received his check.
The booking is this order is 20.
And what he says.
And so I will come here.
He'll just go to commerce and Otter's and once he receives that check I'm just going to go ahead and
he's going to just completed so on just talking complete you can see that the booking should be completed
so you can see he's paid.
OK.
And I'll be working him on January 3 and from 10:00 a.m. 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m..
So this will be an add on this.
Now let's come here and let's get to the booking.
So I am the admin and I'm using this dad who's booking are here.
So this is booking him or 19:00 dealer I'm on.
OK.
A book by the dealer in mind or was this started date is this OK and this is this.
I can also view it.
OK.
And on the view you can see everything is right here.
This address is this and everything is this so I'll be just available to him and I can just just give
him answers to everything I can do his work whatever the work he wants it done and his booking status
is also paid.
So he has paid it.
OK.
So now then I will set my schedule according to that.
So now let's see if a same guy wants to hire me on that specific date.
Will he be able to hire me or.
No.
OK let's get him here.
Well it's like this.
And I can see it is already here.
OK.
He's going to select this and he'll be like OK I wanted to hire him on from 9:00 a.m..
Where is he.
He's not available.
So this is what I mean guys.
Because another guy has already hired me.
If I just go here and I just opened this up in incognito window.
OK so let's suppose that I'm here and I'm just and I just want to hire him on Incognito and no I'm here
until the duration so I need to hire him for like two hours.
OK.
And I go here and I just want to hire him on three.
So he's not available from a part of 360 10:00 a.m. is not available.
OK so I suppose that I want to hire him from like 10 a.m. and my duration is going to be five.
So I can not go beyond that five.
OK we have selected it right here in the edit product.
OK if you just come here and we just go to the availability then he can see that we have added that
actions.
If he does go to availability I can see he's very cost that's what the maximum duration is set to five.
OK.
So this is we have already mentioned.
So now here the guy is hiring me for five.
So one two three four or five so far.
He will be working him from 10 10 a.m. to 12 2pm.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to head back now.
And the guy is going to book me and he's going to go ahead.
I'm going to add fuel card.
And here is the booking date the booking time booking duration is five hours and the price is $250.
So this is going to go ahead.
He is going to go ahead.
He is going to open this up and enter his name so his name and everything.
OK.
He also has to enter the e-mail address so his e-mail address is going to be test at test dot com OK
and he wants to create an account so his password will be
I just go it and let's place autre.
So what I want to select the state country and this state and this is check Bamian he's going to go
ahead and he's going to his place.
So they can see these guys order is going to be received.
And so is this one right here.
And his view my booking so booking number 21 and this is from 10 am.
You can just go ahead he can view his booking as well.
OK and it it's higher than dealer I'm on this is booked.
OK.
And Otter's is or no a 22 the stardate is from January 3rd 10pm 10:00 a.m. to January 3rd 3pm.
So this is the status is on Beta.
So since I've chosen that one so when the guy will come here he'll just open this up he's just going
to go to commerce and then Otter's and then here he will just approve my payments since I've sent him
the check.
OK.
Now here the guy will open this up and then he'll come here and then he's going to refresh this.
So you can see it's a spade and once you just come here and I just open this order ID you can see in
the order ID it will be dear.
So you see higher than either Roman booking number this and I can also view the booking in the booking
section.
This is here this is read from here to here.
So this is my upcoming booking.
Now you can see a guy.
Another guy another guy who wants to hire me on the same day.
OK.
So I'm just get open the Internet Explorer for that.
So I'm just gonna open up.
I'm just an entry as Tom complete loopy course dot.com.
And I'm going to enter right now so you can see this is right here and here I want to go ahead and one
in so select the shop.
So in here I have this higher than zero room on I'm just going to go hit I'm going to hit it read more.
So now the guy comes and he wants to hire me on that date this date.
OK.
And he's like that.
He's not available.
He's just available from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. because it does it's work.
If I just come here and I just want to be like two Rs like $5 and then I just saw hire him from 3pm.
OK I'm going to 3pm is right here.
That can cost us.
But he is just hiring me for five hours.
OK so I'll be working him from three four.
And on the next day this will cost us a lot more.
So he's just going to go ahead.
He's just going to hit a book now and then he's going to just hit me hard.
And now here he's going to just go ahead and he's going to like this proceed to checkout so now he has
to enter his first name as a last name his city country his address
and Chatta and email.
So.
So now here he is going to create an account.
OK.
And let's just go ahead and let's place the order.
So it's just Crossette and I can see the order has been received.
The booking is this and he's just going to go ahead and he's going to view the payment.
Is is going to be the booking so as is 3 p.m. to 8 8 p.m..
The reason.
Because the reason why is that we have selected dad for booking is held.
Then the booking will be from that to that so you have to work on that time.
OK this will be not available since I'm not available from that time.
That is why I cannot manage it.
OK.
If I just come here to this right here and I just want to edit this product so you can see that we have
mentioned in here
the maximum duration and can be this.
So you have to select it like this.
I mean like you have to select air like five three so maximum duration can be only one arm and the person
will stick to one art.
But if you just select it like and if the guy hires you for five Rs then you have to work for him because
the guy has hired you.
OK.
And
so I can see that we're totally on middes and now in the next video I'll be showing you that how can
you.
So in the next video we learn how can we just enter a hotel booking room OK or people can just hire
a hotel room and this would be having House person and house resources.
So we'll be working up in that in the next video so stadium guys for that.
And by.